[Leanne humming]
[people chattering]
[humming continues]
[audience cheers]
[narrator] Today on the season premiere
of Gourmet Gauntlet.
Chef Omar. Strangolapreti.
My mother's favorite.
My grandma makes
better strangolapreti than that,
and she's been dead 15 years.
-Get the fuck out of my kitchen!
-[audience cheers]
Sean! Sean! Sean!
What are you doing?
Why are you doing it like that?
[Sean] Why would you make savory eggnog?
We got sage leaves wilting right here.
What's this?
[contestant 1] Uh, uh-- Cilantro.
-[Sean] Okay, it's watercress.
-Yes, watercress.
[Sean] So, you-- you're coming at me,
it's a watercress-nache? What is it?
-It's, uh-- A corn--
-[Sean] What is this?
Put the oil in here.
It's sick how you can't use this.
[phone rings]
[Leanne] How's it going?
Three months ago she didn't want anything
to do with this place.
Now she won't leave.
[guard] Sir, I said no alcohol
on the premises.
-[sighs]
-[guard] You gotta put that away!
I don't like these people.
[Leanne] When do you think
you'll be home?
There's a million forms to sign.
For Sean to sign.
[Leanne] I'm making
Dorothy's favorite cake.
Oh, good. I'm starving.
You'd expect better food at a place
that costs more than Harvard.
-[Leanne] Did you get the flowers?
-Yeah.
They're in the trunk.
Spare keys in the vestibule.
[Sean] Julian, come on!
I gotta run.
[humming]
[car alarm beeps]
-[gasps]
-[car horn honks]
[driver] Hey! Watch where you're going!
[indistinct speaking on TV]
-[Sean on TV] Know who you're talking to?
-[contestant 2] Yes.
[Sean] Well,
here's your fucking emotions.
Five minutes, everybody!
Chef Omar. What you got?
[sirens wailing]
[Sean] Beautiful.
[people clamoring]
-[Sean on TV] …crying in my kitchen?
-[contestant 2] No, Chef.
[Sean] There's more fucking salt
than there is in this dish.
If you are a quitter
then quit, quit, quit!
[contestant 3] And, uh, truffles.
-[Sean] Truffles. Mushrooms and truffles.
-[contestant 3] Chef, gonna make pie.
[Sean] It's--
-No, no, no! What are you doing?
-[audience shouting]
Oh, you are kidding.
What are you gonna do? Serve burned shit?
-No, Chef.
-Would you eat burned shit?
No, Chef.
-[grunts]
-[intruder grunts, groans]
[grunts]
[panting]
[door opens]
[car alarm beeps]
Only the church can see this.
[radio host] That morning Philly sunshine
looks like it's making way
for some heavy rain.
"God's plan," he says.
[sighs, breathing heavily]
[people laughing]
[speaks indistinctly]
Oh, well. What's that old saying?
Pour yourself a drink.
Put on some lipstick.
And pull yourself together.
[person 1 chuckles]
[phone rings]
-[Roscoe] Leanne?
-Where are you, Roscoe?
I don't know. They just dumped us out.
-[Leanne] Who did?
-Hey, give that back!
Leanne, are you okay?
You left your posts.
Police cleared the park.
They shoved us into vans.
It happened fast.
A neighbor must've called in a complaint.
No. This was the church.
Don't you understand?
They're closing in on me.
I found one in the house.
-Look around, tell me where you are.
-[breathes heavily]
Some bus station across the city.
You will get in a cab.
Get as many back as you can--
[Snake] What's happening?
Leanne, have they come again?
-[Snake breathing heavily]
-I can handle it for now.
Just hurry.
-[children clamoring]
-[people chattering]
-[screams]
-[dog barks]
Juki! Juki! What's wrong with you?
[breathes heavily]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[phone line rings]
[Sean] Hey, it's Sean. Leave it.
[phone dialing]
[phone line rings]
[Julian] This is Julian.
[sighs] Maybe another time.
[phone beeps]
Julian, where are you? Just call me.
[person chattering faintly]
[vendor] I'm on the street
where you told me to go.
All right, all right.
I'll stay here for now, okay.
[speaks indistinctly]
Yeah, well, get back to me
as soon as you can, all right?
[exhales sharply]
-[gasps]
-[bicycle bell rings]
[vendor grunts]
[grunts, coughs]
[panting]
-[screams]
-[groaning]
-[groaning continues]
-[runner exhales sharply]
[groaning continues]
[runner] Hey. Hey, buddy. You all right?
-Just sit still. I-I'll get some help.
-[breathes heavily]
Don't move, don't move, don't move.
You're gonna be okay.
[screams]
[shouts]
[Leanne breathing heavily]
[Leanne gasps, screams]
[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[straining]
[grunts]
[panting]
-Shit.
-[groans]
[grunting]
[screaming]
-[car alarm beeps]
-[breathes heavily]
[runner sobs]
-[banging on windows]
-[Leanne screams, gasps]
[vendor grunting]
[runner screaming]
[screaming]
-[car horn honks]
-[grunts]
[honking continues]
[neighbor] The hell is your problem?
[tires screech]
-[grunts]
-[honking stops]
[panting]
[screaming]
-[screaming continues, muffled]
-[mail carrier whistling]
[panting]
[breathing shakily]
[Aunt Josephine]
You will burn like the rest.
[gasps, panting]
[sniffles, grunts]
[alert chiming]
[mail carrier whistling]
[whistling continues]
[breathing heavily]
[engine starts]
["Memories" playing on radio]
[horn honks]
-[engine stops]
-[radio stops]
[breathes heavily]
[Leanne breathing heavily]
[tall man] Leanne Grayson.
You must come back.
-Do you understand me?
-[breathes shakily, whimpers]
It's what's best for us all.
[whimpers, breathing shakily]
We don't wanna hurt you.
You can't hurt me.
I'm not who I used to be.
I'm something more.
[breathes shakily]
[engine starts]
[breathes shakily, sniffles]
And there is nothing that any
of you can do to stop me.
[breathes shakily]
Okay. Okay.
Um…
[coughs]
[coughing, sniffles]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts, panting]
[person grunts, screaming]
-[car alarm blaring]
-[screaming continues]
-[gasps, shrieks]
-[car thuds]
[breathing heavily]
[car alarms blaring]
[panting]
[car alarms continue]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[screaming continues]
[car alarms continue]
[breathing heavily, gasping]
[gasping]
[shouting]
[screams]
[grunts, screams]
[gasps, grunting]
[screaming continues]
No! [screaming]
[grunts]
[yelling]
[gasps, panting]
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[car approaching]
[car door opens]
Leanne. [panting] What happened?
It's over.
[car departs]
[Snake] Did they hurt you?
We need to be smarter than this.
[Lou] It won't happen again.
[Leanne] I know.
You can go.
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[ambulance doors close]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Leanne] Hello, Dorothy.
I'm happy you're home.
I got you these.
Take me upstairs.
[Sean] I'll show you where the room is.
[door closes]
Long goddamn day. [sighs]
[lullaby playing]
[Dorothy] I can't. I feel so sick.
[Dorothy speaks indistinctly]
-[Dorothy grunts]
-[Sean speaking indistinctly]
What did the doctors think?
[sighs]
With spinal injuries, it's hard to say.
Best case scenario,
if she keeps going with the PT,
she'll be able to regain most
of her mobility.
Worst case… [sighs]
…I don't wanna think about.
Well, she's home now,
so she'll get better.
We just have to be there for her, right?
[sighs] Best of luck with that.
[Dorothy] Just maybe a cup of tea.
[Leanne] How is she?
Resting.
I should go see if she needs anything.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Why?
Because she needs space from all of us.
[Dorothy] Shut the door.
Good night, Leanne.
[rumbling, cracking]